2016.1:
 * Version 2.1
 * Added Tandem and MCAP support for Ultrascale configuration of the core.
 * Modified the width of pipe_tx_*_sigs, common_commands_in and common_commands_out
 * Modified the mapping of logical and physical external pipe interface ports for EP configurations so that it can be connected to Root Port instance directly
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library
 * Fixed issue with the default values of 'Base Class Menu' and 'Sub Class Interface Menu'
 * Added support for defense grade kintexu devices - xqku040-rfa1156,xqku040-rba676,xqku060-rfa1156 and xqku095-rfa1156
 * Added port msix_entry_num input for future use of internal MSI-X table implementation; currently it is always disabled
 * Port width for s_axi_ctl_awaddr and s_axi_ctl_araddr is changed depending on device port type selection. EP is limited to 4K and RP is limited to 256M
 * Added axi_ctl_aresetn output signal to allow access to S_AXI_CTL interface when there's no link-up
 * pcie3_cfg_msix interface is accessible only when external MSI-X table implementation is selected; currently only external implementation is supported
 * Added the required Tandem and MCAP ports: cap_*, startup_*, mcap_*
 * Added HAS_BURST parameter on M_AXI interfaces for SmartConnect optimization
 * Added two new ports to transceiver debug interface section: gt_dmonfiforeset gt_dmonitorclk.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for ffva1156 package for xcku095 device

2015.3:
 * Version 2.0
 * Added support for Shared Logic
 * Added support for Root Port configuration
 * Added support for sfva784 package for xcku035 and xcku040
 * Added support for xcku025, xcku085 and xcku095 devices
 * For EXTERNAL PIPE INTERFACE mode, a new file xil_sig2pipe.v is delivered in the simulation directory and it replaces the phy_sig_gen.v. BFM/VIP's should interface with the xil_sig2pipe instance in board.v
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

2015.2.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Added Clock interface for the signal ext_ch_gt_drpclk
 * Fixed issue with the location constraints for refclk_ibuf for xcvu095-ffvc2104, xcvu125-flvc2104 and xcvu190-flga2577
 * Added MSIX Interface at the core boundary
 * Added support for xq7vx690t-rf1158 device and package
 * Fixed issue with outgoing packet's Tag management

2015.1:
 * Version 1.1
 * Added non-default ports ext_ch_gt_drp_addr, ext_ch_gt_drp_en, ext_ch_gt_drp_di, ext_ch_gt_drp_do, ext_ch_gt_drp_rdy, ext_ch_gt_drp_we and ext_ch_gt_drpclk to access the GT DRP ports for debugging purpose as per the requirement. These ports and interface are enabled using the model parameter EXT_CH_GT_DRP.
 * Added Transceiver debug and status ports as a part of EOU item
 * Added support for new packages: flvb1760,ffvd1517,ffvc1517,flva2104,flvd1517 and flvb2104
 * Fixed issue with MRd transaction during linkdown (Xilinx Answer 63113)
 * Added support for GUI option to select PLL_TYPE for Gen2 Speed: CPLL (Optional) and QPLL1 (Default)
 * Added support for GUI option to select CORE_CLK_FREQ for Gen3 x1/x2/x4: 250 MHz (Default) and 500 MHz (Optional)
 * Added PCIe specific production settings for VU095-ES2
 * Removed support for 250 MHz user clock and axis clock for -1/-1L/-1LV speedgrades
 * Removed GUI Parameter prefetch enable for BAR1, BAR3 and BAR5

2014.4.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Fix to properly pass the PCIe subsystem_vendor_id and subsystem_id to the PCIe hardblock.
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time
 * Added support for Ultrascale KintexU and VirtexU devices

2014.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial release

(c) Copyright 2014 - 2016 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
